[Music]
to work with video clips in Cutting Room
start by finding the assets you want to
use in the sidebar on the left select an
asset by double clicking on it or
dragging it into the source player set
in andout points by pressing I and O on
your keyboard you can also use the
In-N-Out Point icons in the source
player to zoom in and out on the
timeline use the plus and minus icons in
the sidebar you can also use the plus
and minus on your keyboard
to add Clips to the timeline you can use
the following functions the first icon
adds the clip from The Source player on
top of the video in the timeline the
second icon inserts the clip into the
main track at the playhead current
position the third icon overwrites the
clip where the playhead is located in
the timeline and the fourth icon adds
the clip to the end of the main track
you can also press enter to achieve this
to cut and trim clips use the blade tool
in the toolbar or press B on your
keyboard delete the selected clip by
pressing delete on your keyboard to undo
the Last Action use Control Plus Z and
to redo the last undone action use
Control Plus shift plus Z there is two
ways of trimming the clips you can trim
One Clip at the time without affecting
the other Clips or you can trim two
adjoining Clips
simultaneously when trimming two
simultaneously One Clip shrinks while
the other extends maintaining the total
total clip duration